# ASwierkosz-NSSA221 Info

Welcome to the `Info` repository for the entire `ASwierkosz-NSSA221` organization. This repository
will act as a global index or rule book and should contain everything you need to know regarding the
repositories belonging to this organization.

This organization acts as custodian to all scripts, source code, etc. developed by Anthony Swierkosz
for the purposes of the RIT course NSSA 221.

## Organization

To clarify, Anthony Swierkosz (me) is a student currently enrolled in NSSA 221 for the 2211 RIT
academic term. This organization is simply being used to hold and organize my sourcecode, scrips,
and labs.

This is a private organization and all software relating to graded assignments for the course will
be kept private. If you are a Professor, TA, Grader, etc. and would like read permission then please
contact Anthony Swierkosz (ajs2576). Upon validation that you are a Professor, TA, etc. and have
valid reason for requesting read permission you will be granted global read access to all repos
belonging to this organization.

## License

All software developed by Anthony Swierkosz for the purposes of NSSA 221 belong to this organization
whether they are explicitly stored in this GitHub organization or not. This is not an open-source
organization. Unless you are an approved member of this organization you have no right to view,
copy, distribute, use, or do anything with any of the software belonging to this organization.

If this organization or any software belonging to this organization is accidentally made public
whether due to GitHub server issues, my error, acts of god, or any reason you are not permitted to
do anything with any of the software belonging to this organization.

As an example if someone finds this software anywhere whether accidentally left in public on RIT
campus, server misconfiguration, someone else gives it to you, etc. the software still belongs to
this organization and this license still applies.

This global license can be superseded if an individual repo/software belonging to this organization
falls under **ALL** of these:

- Is made public by Anthony Swierkosz or by an approved member with his consent.
- Has an explicit superseding license stated in its root `README` and `LICENSE` file.
- The superseding license has been committed by Anthony Swierkosz and has a verified GPG signature.

If you have any questions feel free to reach out. This software may become open-source after a
certain period of time (e.g., Anthony Swierkosz is no longer enrolled at RIT, course content changes
significantly). However, as of now this software is not open-source and is attributed to Anthony
Swierkosz and any Professor, TA, etc. that has notably aided in its development. Attribution beyond
Anthony Swierkosz will be individually listed in each repo/software.

> This individual `ASwierkosz-NSSA221/Info` repository and all software it contains is publicly viewable.